# ADMM
## Transactive Energy Framework in Multi-Carrier Energy System Based on ADMM Algorithm

Project abstract:\
As an efficient way to integrate and regulate various distributed energy sources, microgrid (MG) has become increasingly important in the field of power system research. However, the randomness and volatility of renewable energy in microgrid still have a serious impact on its power supply reliability and economic benefits. To address this problem, this thesis aims to construct a distributed solution algorithm for energy trading between microgrid (MG) and distribution network (DN), in order to achieve more efficient and reliable energy trading.

This thesis focuses on minimizing the overall operating cost of the system, so the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) is used. When constructing the optimization framework, this thesis fully considers the cost functions of MG and DN, the electrothermal trading constraints, and the operation optimization constraints of each unit, and aims at maximizing the system benefit. In the solution process, each microgrid and distribution network only need to exchange their expected transaction electricity until the convergence condition is satisfied, so as to complete the settlement of electricity transaction. This method can effectively protect the privacy of each unit.

Through empirical studies, this thesis verifies that the ADMM algorithm can help each cell within the network to achieve a cost minimization strategy. The optimization results of the distributed ADMM algorithm for multi-microgrid and distribution network further confirm that the ADMM algorithm can find the optimal solution of the problem in fewer iterations, and save about 42.83% of the cost for the energy trading problem. This result demonstrates the efficiency and practicability of ADMM in dealing with such problems.
